Pervert, this person likes to play bundling so much
But now it's me
You have to let me go first
Chen Junnan, what are you doing?
You just said you wouldn't do anything to me.
I'm not willing at all now
If I spell cat, you can too.
Don't come here.
Don't come here
No!
Well, it's as stupid as ever
OK
Mr. Chen
Mr. Chen, call the doctor over.
Okay, okay, I'll go right now.
only
Sorry.
I was just playing with you.
I didn't want to do anything to you.
Really?
Of course it's true.
Did you know that you can come to me this time?
How happy I am
How could I force you?
From now on
I want to pursue you again
What was wrong with me before?
You can tell me.
I can change it.
Dr. Chen is here
This is obstetrics and gynecology.
Dr. Cai's obstetrics and gynecology department?
Do you know what doctor to find if you have a fever?
Ah fever
Ah.
Mr. Chen, I was wrong.
I'll find a new one now.
Go go go go
That
I want to go somewhere today
My mom took me there when I was a kid
Let's see. Invite me.
No girl takes the initiative in dating
But if you're willing to take the initiative
Maybe I'll say yes.
Have you thought about it?
The opportunity to date me
But it's like Mars hitting the earth
Ok then I now
May I invite you to a date with me?
Certainly.